now Nietzsche said back in the 1800s
late 1800s that
after he said that God was dead
and I suppose that would also mean the
theory that of suffering that I outlined
at the beginning that is at the basis of
judeo-christian civilization that God
was dead and that people had killed him
and that we'd never find enough water to
wash away the blood it's a paraphrase
but I've got the basic message right and
he also said there'll be two
consequences of that
nihilism
because there's no Transcendent meaning
and a move to totalitarianism because
people can't tolerate
nihilism
he said the most likely Pathway to
totalitarianism would be
communism essentially he didn't quite
use those words but
he meant that
he the words are close enough
uh
he said socialism but I'm going to use
communism to distinguish and distinguish
it from democratic socialism and he said
that probably tens of hundreds tens of
millions of people would die in the 20th
century as we played out that experiment
and then he said but it might be worth
it if we learn something from it
rough man I mean and and unbelievable
like I cannot figure out how in the
world he knew that that was going to
happen especially so far in advance but
Dostoevsky knew the same thing he wrote
this book called The Devils or the
possessed you could read that that's a
great book it takes about 150 pages to
get going but once it like everything
everything snaps together after that you
know and then it moves and it's
basically his prophecy about it's an
examination of the kind of person who
had Arisen in the aftermath of the death
of God in Russia who would lead the
Communist Revolution that's essentially
it it's brilliant it's it's it's
terrifying and it's a great intro to
solzhenitzen's Gulag archipelago which
describes what did happen when those
sort of people took over the revolution
so let's look at what happened after the
revolution
and we might say well this how about we
replicate the experiment a few times
because you know how it is if you're
running a scientific experiment you want
to find out
what something does if you allow it to
behave you don't want to just run it
once because well maybe there was
something specific about those
conditions that led to the outcome you
want to generalize it across multiple
circumstances so we might say well let's
take this set of ideas
and let's uh
let's run it on large scale over a very
long period of time in a variety of
exceptionally diverse cultures and
languages
so let's do that
okay well we could first start with the
with the Soviets
people even now because it's like the
100th anniversary of the Russian
Revolution are celebrating Lenin it's
like that's not good
that's like celebrating Hitler
okay I'm dead serious about that
it's not good and the fact that people
can dare to think that that's okay means
that there's something wrong with the
way that we look at history
Lenin was a monster
and if you want to know about that you
can read Soulja Nixon's writings about
Lenin because the Communist apologists
say well it wasn't Landon Len was a good
guy he was all motivated by love of the
working class it's like well his
henchman was Stalin
and if your henchman is Stalin you're
not a good guy
and and Lennon was around during the
early collectivization and if you read
what he wrote you'll find out that he is
perfectly willing to have any number of
people die as long as his ideological
system could be brought into being so
there's no celebrating Lenin there's no
we're cool young Marxist hip
revolutionaries and he's our Idol it's
like there's none of that
not if you know anything not if you're
decent
well there was death of the kulaks I
told you about that there was a
Ukrainian famine that's six million gone
there there was the rise of the gulag
State because it turned out that Russia
the Soviet Union couldn't run on the
principles that it had that it had uh uh
laid down a sacrosanct they just didn't
work so you had to enslave everybody and
run your economy
as a slave state essentially uh
and try not to kill the people in the
gulags so fast that you can't suck some
productive labor out of them there's the
death of tens of millions of people we
don't even know the estimates range from
15 to 60 million and like
we won't get too picky even about the
numbers because after the first 10
million you kind of made your point and
the fact that we don't know between 15
and 60 is actually an indication of the
horror
above it
because our count is off by tens of
Millions
and that's only within the last century
and then there was the 1956 Crackdown on
Hungary and the 1968 invasion of
Czechoslovakia then there was the whole
like thermonuclear Holocaust thing that
was going on at the same time and the
fact that in 1962 and in 1984 we were
seconds away from complete Annihilation
right during the Cuban Missile Crisis
the keys were in the intercontinental
ballistic missile release systems and
Castro as he admitted to Jimmy Carter in
case any of you are Castro fans which
you shouldn't be
that he was perfectly willing to have
Cuba annihilated if it would have meant
the defeat of the United States
and then in 1984
approximately I may have the date
exactly wrong the Russians received an
indication from their early warning
systems that the Americans had launched
five thermal nuclear missiles and one
Russian decided that it was a mistake
and refused to launch the retaliation
and he just died about two weeks ago
so you know that was pretty close
and uh
so that was experiment number one let's
say that that wasn't good that
experiment let's put it that way
it wasn't good it was exactly the
antithesis of good it was precisely the
antithesis of good
but that wasn't all I mean
there's the People's Republic of China
that's a different country like
seriously a different country right
different tradition different language
how many people died in China under Mao
no one knows
same issue with the Soviet Union
although
Mao was a bigger monster than Stalin and
that's that's impressive you know
because
there's Hitler
there's Stalin and there's Mao and of
the three Mao was probably the worst
he's still revered in China maybe that
accounts for their affinity for North
Korea which could still destroy us all
the remnants of that horrible state
maybe a hundred million people died in
China during the Great Leap Forward
that's a hell of a Leap Forward well
maybe it wasn't 100 million you know
maybe it was only 40 million but as I
said before
When you're counting in the tens of
millions your points already made and
then there was Cambodia and The Killing
Fields and Bulgaria and East Germany and
Romania and the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea that's North Korea and
Vietnam and Ethiopia Hungary
etc etc
etc it was never a successful communist
state
Cuba I suppose came closest but it was
radically
um
the Soviets poured money into Cuba so
that doesn't really count
so then the first question was well are
these marxists
motivated by love or hatred
well
is it love or hatred that produces 100
million dead people
and is that enough evidence or not
and if it's not enough evidence if you
think to yourself well that's not enough
evidence it was never really given its
proper
a proper try
it's like well what would have been a
proper try
see I always think when I hear someone
say that I know what you think
you think in your delusional arrogance
did you understand the Marxist doctrines
better than anyone else ever has and
that if you were the one implementing
those doctrines
you would have ushered in the Utopia
that's what you mean when you say that
and
you know they say and there's an idea in
the New Testament that there's a sin
it's the sin against the Holy Ghost
if you commit that sin no one really
knows what it is
that you can't be forgiven and I would
say well
if you want a candidate for the sin
against the holy ghost in the 21st
century uh the statement
communism real communism was never tried
with the underlying idea that if you had
been the person implementing it it would
have worked I think that's a pretty good
Contender for something for which you
should never be forgiven